pre.. ### START JSON ###

{
    "date": "2018-02-19 00:59:40",
    "slug": "home",
    "title": "home",
    "type": "page"
}

### START TEXTILE ###


p. **The wind is a symphony in Skye’s soul and she is its conductor.**

Skye’s father, the legally insane god of storm, sea, earthquake and every 
 other disaster medieval Japan could imagine, is currently dead, but he 
 loves her very much.

Like many powerful esomorphs, the government came for her when her power 
 first appeared.  They sent her to live apart from society, surrounded by 
 U.S. Marines where she was safe and the world was safe from her.  That’s when 
 her training began.

It wasn’t the life she would have chosen, but it was a life she could live 
 with. Or it was until a conspiracy of Washington power brokers
 forced her to run or kill.
 Already stained with blood spilled in her name, she ran.
 But was there any refuge
 from the government now doing the conspiracy’s bidding?

If she can’t discover what the conspirators want and stop them before her 
 father returns from the dead, the streets will flow red with innocent blood.
    
<hr style="width:50%;text-align:center; margin: 0 auto;padding-bottom: 2em" />

p. Stolen Song is an upcoming urban fantasy thriller which plays out in
 the heart of D.C. in a version of our world where people with magical powers
 emerged in the 1960's.  The immortal gods, believed lost to the mists of
 antiquities, soon followed.  Neither government nor science considered this
 a development beyond their reach.  

The government recruited and trained candidates with useful powers.  Laws
 were passed and updated to keep up with the new reality.  Scientists studied
 and theorized, creating several new branches of science to try and come to
 terms with the blatant violations of the previously understood laws of
 physics.  It was an exciting time to be a scientist.

They eventually settled on the esoteric field theory and those with the
 ability influence those fields came to be known as esomorphs.  

To Skye it was ancient history that happened years before she was born and so much egghead hogwash.  She simply hears
 the wind sing, and wind responds to her song.


